You're Fu Yotsuba, right?
His mother wants to know
how much money it'll take
for you to get out of her son's life.
If it's that much money,
I suggest you just donate it.
Ugh.
What's wrong with this family...?
Hey.
How's it going?
Hello...?
Hey, Sara.
How many years have we been friends?
Who knows.
We've been best friends for years, but
I still have no idea what you're thinking.
Sara.
Fu and I are together.
Since when?
Since I saw it in my dreams.
I knew it.
Taiga.
Imagine you liked someone so much
that you even dreamed about them.
And in those dreams, you'd
been dating since high school.
What would you do?
That kind of dream talk...
I'd forget it the second I woke up.
I tried to do that too.
You're just confusing your
dreams with your real memories.
If it's a side effect
of the accident, fine.
But you're back to normal now.
You need to draw a line
between dreams and reality.
Besides, Fu never had those dreams.
Why on earth does he believe
you enough to be with you?
A parallel world.
Huh?
There's a parallel world
where Fu and I are lovers.
He believes that's where I'm from.
That's impossible. It's ridiculous.
Sara?
Here.
Taiga.
Wait, what?
Why?!
- What's going on?
- Hmm?
- It's getting a bit loud.
- Never mind, let's go.
Himeka's play...
Fumi said she wanted to go together.
We're really looking forward to it.
See ya.
The Boy Next World My Destiny
(Episode 6)
Soshi, what are you doing here?
Mom's already making her move.
- Dad's worried too.
- What about Fu?
Sara.
Fu is fine.
Anyway, let's just go inside first.
I'm coming in too.
Fu.
Are you okay?
What did they do to you?
Mom sent someone over.
They asked how much money he wanted
to leave my brother's side.
That sounds just like her.
It looks like Fu will be
a target from now on.
The more my brother cares
for him, the worse it'll get.
But why?
She's his mother...
That's exactly why.
She treats her children
like property to be controlled.
Anyone she sees as an obstacle
must be taken away and destroyed.
That's not normal.
But that's the reason
these brothers haven't been able
to live together all these years.
Brother.
About that...
Can we tell him?
I'm fine.
Please, tell me.
Before the divorce,
Mom treated everything
Dad owned as her own.
She stripped him of his freedom.
Dad put up with it for a long time.
But then something happened...
and that monster became even more vicious.
Sara's grades
have been outstanding.
He's been top of his class all year.
In Japanese, Math, Science, and English...
he got perfect scores in all four subjects.
He got a 98 in Social Studies.
He only lost two points.
Sara said the exact same thing.
For today's home visit,
what I wanted to ask you, ma'am,
is to please acknowledge
his hard work a bit more.
Excuse me.
It looks like the teacher is leaving.
Huh...?
I'll see you out.
Thank you for having me.
Hello, sir.
- Sorry to intrude.
- Good work today.
Take care, and thank you.
- Goodbye.
- Mai.
Get home safely, okay?
You...
How dare you throw yourself
at a student's father?
Hey, are you out of your mind?
Wait... what do you mean?
Everyone, listen to this!
It's all her fault.
This woman is absolutely shameless. I...
Who are you...?!
Hello, teacher.
Mrs. Kogami?
An educator on the surface,
but making eyes at someone
else's husband behind their back.
Shameless.
Is it money you're after?
No... ah...
You must be mistaken.
I would never do anything
to betray my students.
Ah!
My hand hurts!
You've got a lot of nerve.
Please believe me.
I really didn't do anything.
It hurts...!
Hey, get up.
Look me in the eye.
Now, give me a smile.
Just like the one you gave my husband.
No...
Mrs... Kogami...
How dare you say my name?!
I'm going to show you
a hell that's fitting for someone like you.
She spread lies where there was no truth.
She burned down a life
someone worked so hard to build
in the blink of an eye.
[A stream of comments basically
telling the teacher she's shit]
By the time Sara and his dad found out,
that teacher
had already taken her own life.
When Dad asked for a divorce, she lost it.
After putting us through hell,
she said if he wanted a divorce,
he had to leave one son behind.
So...
Your father left Sara behind...?
It was the right choice.
Because Soshi was younger than me.
But being older doesn't
mean you're stronger.
Sara was only in
elementary school then, right?
She never saw Sara as a son.
Only as a tool for revenge
and a way to show off her power.
The proof is that she forced
him to sign a terrible contract.
A contract?
He got his freedom during college
in exchange for the rest of his life.
It means that after graduation,
he'll be under her thumb forever.
That's insane.
But
that's our mother.
No matter where you run, she'll find you.
So I thought,
I might as well just
stay in the cage forever.
No.
I won't allow it.
Your life
belongs to you, and no one else.
My dad always said
my life is mine to live.
Don't let sadness trap you.
You too, Sara.
You can't give up on being happy.
Fu.
The way I feel now...
is a little different than before.
Huh...?
I didn't think I had a future
before I met you.
But now,
I want this to keep going.
Even if it's just for one more day.
Even if it means standing up to Mom...?
Okay.
Well said.
That's my best friend.
If we're going to do this,
why not go all the way?
Huh?
Fight back and make that monster suffer.
We're not kids anymore.
Times have changed.
We can't let her get
away with this anymore.
Then... what if my brother and Fu
moved in together as part of the plan?
Move in together?!
She hates them even dating.
So moving in together...
wouldn't that be the ultimate provocation?
Spoken like Sara's brother.
Let's do it.
I know this will only
make her watch us closer.
But I'm not afraid.
Actually, I'm pretty pissed off right now.
Fu.
There's no stopping me.
Brother.
I...
Instead of handing you over to that woman,
it's better if I'm the
one who deals with her.
Goodbye.
This time,
it's my turn.
Pick out some pajamas you like.
Are you really planning to live with me?
I said I'm staying, so I'm staying.
It's part of the plan.
You're like a child.
Don't blame me if I make a move on you.
You're all talk.
You wouldn't actually do anything.
Oh yeah? What about last time?
That was...
because you were taking care of me.
But our "characters" are lovers now.
Things might go a lot further than that.
Right?
Wait.
Sara.
Scared?
What?
Is that all it takes?
Go ahead.
Do whatever you want.
Kid.
Don't cry when you lose your "first time."
I don't know.
It might hurt so much I actually do cry.
I'm sleeping on the couch.
You're too soft to even flick my forehead.
You won't do a thing, Sara.
Knock, knock, knock.
I'm here.
When did you take that
down from the balcony?
Since we're living together,
we don't need it anymore.
I can't sleep.
♪ In a sudden downpour ♪
♪ If an umbrella falls at your feet ♪
♪ Please, hold it over yourself ♪
♪ And go home before you catch a cold ♪
♪ Even if I can't be
there to wipe your tears ♪
♪ I'll send a letter with these flowers ♪
♪ You found me when I
was nowhere to be found ♪
♪ So I'll just keep on praying ♪
♪ That only happiness
finds its way to you ♪
♪ I'll just keep on praying ♪
♪ That tomorrow, my
love will still be there ♪
There's a good boy.
Can you sleep now?
Yeah, Sara.
There's a good boy.
Dammit.
What is going on here?
My precious little Fu is actually...
- Is it good?
- Hey, that's our Fu!
Ow!
- Shut up. Have you lost your mind?
- Yeah, I have.
Look at this.
Fu is the talk of the whole school now.
I mean, his boyfriend is that aloof hottie.
Sara is the one person I can't handle.
Wait, why?
Don't go digging for details.
Hey, Naruka?
Um, can I sit here?
Thanks.
Hey.
I have something to ask you, Fu.
Are you guys really dating?
Yeah.
We're dating.
Goddamn.
- Did you have your "first time" already?
- Would you please shut up?
Hey.
I'm actually really happy right now.
Why?
What do you mean, why?
Because you look happy, Fu.
Right?
Yeah.
Thank you.
I'm really happy, Sara.
Even if...
we're only pretending to date for the plan.
I'm still full of anxiety,
but Sara finally has some
hope. That's what matters.
Whoa, I thought you were a ghost.
Are you happy?
Huh?
Not because you saw a ghost,
but because you saw a person.
Does that make you happy?
Can you read minds or something?
Taiga.
Do you want to go see a movie sometime?
It's an indie film.
There are only two screenings.
If you miss it, it's gone. It's
the kind of thing you'd like.
How would you know that?
Is Sara using Fu to...
No, that's impossible.
I'm Jin.
Second-year Art major.
Sagittarius, Type AB.
My favorite color is gray...
Stop!
What are you doing?
I figured I should introduce myself.
Also, the reason I'm asking you out
is because Fu got a boyfriend.
Now I don't have anyone
to go to the movies with.
Well, that's too bad.
Go find someone else.
Do you want a ride?
Don't worry about it.
I'm giving up for today.
Does that mean... you'll ask me again?
Can you read minds too, Taiga?
Let's go.
Can I ask you something?
Hmm? What is it?
If someone you really cared about
lied to you...
how would you feel?
Did you lie to me?
No.
If someone important lied to me,
I think I'd be really hurt.
But...
I'd ask them why they did it first
before I decided to get angry.
Fu?
Fu!
Are you okay?
It's your fault for asking
such weird questions...
I'm sorry...
Fu.
It's going to swell up.
Let go...
Do you feel any better?
I dreamed about my dad.
What kind of dream?
I can't remember.
Whenever the anniversary
of his death gets close,
I always have this dream.
And when I wake up,
I can't stop crying.
I feel so lonely.
But today is different.
I'm sorry for snapping at you earlier.
Thank you for being here with me.
Go to sleep, Fu.
Why?
I... I don't think I can hold back anymore.
If I leave now,
will you go back to your room?
- Fu...
- Let me help you.
Fu...
I warned you.
You helped me before.
This time, let me...
Teach me what to do.
Is that okay?
I'm sorry.
Keep going...
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have taken
advantage of you while you were crying.
It wasn't like that.
I'm the one who started it.
Think of it as payback for last time.
That was different.
I did that because I wanted to.
So did I.
Besides, you're not actually
going to do anything, right?
In that case,
sleep here with me tonight.
Please? Just stay.
If that's what you want,
I'll stay right here.
Goodnight.
Hey.
Is that you, ma'am?
It's been a long time.
How has Sara been doing?
I'll be going now.
Wait, here's my contact info.
I don't need it.
If someone gives you a ride home, shouldn't
you at least have a way to say thanks?
This little brat.
What are you laughing at?
You're such an honest person.
I just hate owing people favors.
That's good.
Get home safe.